README.md, before:

# 🌟MikoChan-Telegram-Bot🌟
 Meet Miko Chan: Your Anime Guide! 🌸 
 /start - Activate the anime frenzy! 
 /search - Dive into the anime universe! 📺✨

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

<img src="assets/banner.png" width="100%" />

## Description
Welcome to the Amazing Project MikoChan! This project is an incredible tool for anime enthusiasts, providing a seamless and immersive anime experience. It acts as your ultimate anime companion, allowing you to dive deep into the world of anime with ease and convenience. 

## Unique Features
Search Anime: With the Amazing MikoChan, you can search for your favorite anime shows effortlessly. Simply enter the name of the anime you're interested in, and the project will fetch all the relevant details.

Detailed Information: Gain access to comprehensive and captivating details about each anime you search for. The Amazing MikoChan will provide you with synopses, character information, and other juicy tidbits without spoiling the plot.

Streaming Links: Say goodbye to the hassle of finding reliable streaming links for anime episodes and movies. The Amazing MikoChan can conjure up streaming links with a single click, ensuring you can start watching your chosen anime immediately.

Upcoming Features: The Amazing MikoChan is continuously evolving and expanding its features. Stay tuned for upcoming updates that will bring even more exciting functionalities to enhance your anime experience.

## Table of Contents
Installation
Usage
Configuration
Documentation
Contributing
License
Acknowledgments

## Installation
To get started with the Amazing Project MikoChan, follow these simple steps:

Clone the repository: 
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Rahul-Sahani04/MikoChan-Telegram-Bot.git
```

Navigate to the project directory: 
```bash
cd MikoChan-Telegram-Bot
```

Install the dependencies: 
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Run MikoChan: 
```bash
python3 AnimeMain.py
```


## Usage
- **/start** - Activate the anime frenzy!
- **/search** - Dive into the vast ocean of anime awesomeness!
- **/cancel** - Cancels the search

## Configuration
Change the Token based on the token of your bot

## Documentation
For detailed information on how to use the Amazing Project MikoChan, please refer to our complete documentation.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to the Amazing Project MikoChan.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.


## Acknowledgments

A special shoutout to [vishvara-sharda](https://github.com/vishvara-sharda) for the fantastic idea behind this project!
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/142617173?v=4" alt="Image" width="75" height="75" style="border-radius: '50%'; border: '2px solid gold';">
</p>


<br/>
<br/>

Thank you for choosing the Amazing Project MikoChan! We hope you find it captivating and exhilarating. Enjoy Anime! 😄✨

Commit message:

Update README.md with improved project description and navigation instructions

README.md, after:

# 🌟MikoChan-Telegram-Bot🌟
 Meet Miko Chan: Your Anime Guide! 🌸 
 /start - Activate the anime frenzy! 
 /search - Dive into the anime universe! 📺✨

<img src="assets/banner.png" width="100%" />

## Description
Welcome to the Amazing Project MikoChan! This project is an incredible tool for anime enthusiasts, providing a seamless and immersive anime experience. It acts as your ultimate anime companion, allowing you to dive deep into the world of anime with ease and convenience. 

## Unique Features
**Search Anime:** With the Amazing MikoChan, you can search for your favorite anime shows effortlessly. Simply enter the name of the anime you're interested in, and the project will fetch all the relevant details.

**Detailed Information:** Gain access to comprehensive and captivating details about each anime you search for. The Amazing MikoChan will provide you with synopses, character information, and other juicy tidbits without spoiling the plot.

**Streaming Links:** Say goodbye to the hassle of finding reliable streaming links for anime episodes and movies. The Amazing MikoChan can conjure up streaming links with a single click, ensuring you can start watching your chosen anime immediately.

**Upcoming Features:** The Amazing MikoChan is continuously evolving and expanding its features. Stay tuned for upcoming updates that will bring even more exciting functionalities to enhance your anime experience.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Contributing](#configuration)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Installation
To get started with the Amazing Project MikoChan, follow these simple steps:

Clone the repository: 
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Rahul-Sahani04/MikoChan-Telegram-Bot.git
```

Navigate to the project directory: 
```bash
cd MikoChan-Telegram-Bot
```

Install the dependencies: 
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Run MikoChan: 
```bash
python3 AnimeMain.py
```


## Usage
- **/start** - Activate the anime frenzy!
- **/search** - Dive into the vast ocean of anime awesomeness!
- **/cancel** - Cancels the search

#### During Navigation
- **next** - To go to the next page.
- **back** - To go to the previous page.

## Configuration
Change the Token based on the token of your bot

## Documentation
For detailed information on how to use the Amazing Project MikoChan, please refer to our complete documentation.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to the Amazing Project MikoChan.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file for more details.


## Acknowledgments

A special shoutout to [vishvara-sharda](https://github.com/vishvara-sharda) for the fantastic idea behind this project!
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/142617173?v=4" alt="Image" width="75" height="75" style="border-radius: '50%'; border: '2px solid gold';">
</p>


<br/>
<br/>

Thank you for choosing the Amazing Project MikoChan! We hope you find it captivating and exhilarating. Enjoy Anime! 😄✨
